test_real/test_real_w_labels/gujarati/278_નરેન્દ્ર.png - Predicted Language: Hindi 
test_real/test_real_w_labels/gujarati/72_ભારતીય.png - Predicted Language: Hindi
test_real/test_real_w_labels/gujarati/89_લ૨ણી.png - Predicted Language: Hindi
test_real/test_real_w_labels/gujarati/99_લુણાવાડા-LUNAWADA.png - Predicted Language: English
test_real/test_real_w_labels/gujarati/256_વારા.png - Predicted Language: English
test_real/test_real_w_labels/gujarati/195_સમાધિ.png - Predicted Language: English
test_real/test_real_w_labels/gujarati/22_ભાવનગર..png - Predicted Language: English
test_real/test_real_w_labels/gujarati/148_તુલસી યા.png - Predicted Language: English
test_real/test_real_w_labels/gujarati/177_ફર્નિચર.png - Predicted Language: English
test_real/test_real_w_labels/english/202_MAHARAYA.png Predicted: Hindi
test_real/test_real_w_labels/english/108_PASAR.png - Predicted Language: Gujarati
est_real/test_real_w_labels/english/56_constitution.png - Predicted Language: Hindi
est_real/test_real_w_labels/english/17_EVA.png - Predicted Language: Gujarati
test_real/test_real_w_labels/english/602_Sun.png - Predicted Language: Gujarati
test_real/test_real_w_labels/english/346_India).png - Predicted Language: Hindi
test_real/test_real_w_labels/english/80_aur.png - Predicted Language: Gujarati
test_real/test_real_w_labels/english/286_SHINE.png - Predicted Language: Gujarati
test_real/test_real_w_labels/english/157_Techn.png - Predicted Language: Gujarati
test_real/test_real_w_labels/english/582_include.png - Predicted Language: Gujarati
test_real/test_real_w_labels/english/70_PARIYOIANA.png - Predicted Language: Hindi



# correct predictions:

ScriptDataset/TestDataset/BSTD/hindi/1351_hindi_image_1016_polygon_3.png - Predicted Language: Hindi
ScriptDataset/TestDataset/BSTD/hindi/1433_hindi_image_334_polygon_6.png - Predicted Language: Hindi
ScriptDataset/TestDataset/BSTD/hindi/36_hindi_image_1347_polygon_11.png - Predicted Language: Hindi
ScriptDataset/TestDataset/BSTD/hindi/1625_hindi_image_877_polygon_10.png - Predicted Language: Hindi
ScriptDataset/TestDataset/BSTD/hindi/1024_hindi_image_765_polygon_1.png - Predicted Language: Hindi
ScriptDataset/TestDataset/BSTD/hindi/1272_hindi_image_152_polygon_8.png - Predicted Language: Hindi
ScriptDataset/TestDataset/BSTD/hindi/1019_hindi_image_484_polygon_46.png - Predicted Language: Hindi
ScriptDataset/TestDataset/BSTD/hindi/1257_hindi_image_1479_polygon_7.png - Predicted Language: Hindi
ScriptDataset/TestDataset/BSTD/hindi/270_hindi_image_470_polygon_1.png - Predicted Language: Hindi
ScriptDataset/TestDataset/BSTD/hindi/1594_hindi_image_11_polygon_9.png - Predicted Language: Hindi
ScriptDataset/TestDataset/BSTD/hindi/1216_hindi_image_1365_polygon_77.png - Predicted Language: Hindi
ScriptDataset/TestDataset/BSTD/hindi/1056_hindi_image_1440_polygon_3.png - Predicted Language: Hindi
ScriptDataset/TestDataset/BSTD/gujarati/308_gujarati_image_66_polygon_2.png - Predicted Language: Gujarati
ScriptDataset/TestDataset/BSTD/gujarati/141_gujarati_image_14986_polygon_6.png - Predicted Language: 
ScriptDataset/TestDataset/BSTD/gujarati/382_gujarati_image_42588_polygon_7.png
ScriptDataset/TestDataset/BSTD/gujarati/114_gujarati_image_44588_polygon_0.png - Predicted Language: Gujarati
ScriptDataset/TestDataset/BSTD/gujarati/361_gujarati_image_12_polygon_2.png - Predicted Language: Gujarati
ScriptDataset/TestDataset/BSTD/gujarati/412_gujarati_image_14968_polygon_200.png - Predicted Language: Gujarati
ScriptDataset/TestDataset/BSTD/gujarati/449_gujarati_image_44532_polygon_1.png - Predicted Language: Gujarati
ScriptDataset/TestDataset/BSTD/gujarati/151_gujarati_image_14210_polygon_0.png - Predicted Language: Gujarati
ScriptDataset/TestDataset/BSTD/english/661_hindi_image_2109_polygon_4.png - Predicted Language: English
ScriptDataset/TestDataset/BSTD/english/343_hindi_image_413_polygon_5.png - Predicted Language: English
ScriptDataset/TestDataset/BSTD/english/268_hindi_image_2075_polygon_15.png - Predicted Language: English
ScriptDataset/TestDataset/BSTD/english/112_hindi_image_151_polygon_1.png - Predicted Language: English
ScriptDataset/TestDataset/BSTD/english/1086_hindi_image_680_polygon_2.png - Predicted Language: English
ScriptDataset/TestDataset/BSTD/english/320_hindi_image_308_polygon_1.png - Predicted Language: English
ScriptDataset/TestDataset/BSTD/english/39_hindi_image_272_polygon_14.png - Predicted Language: English